Add notice of supported YAML versions in docs (#556)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/10-intro.md

To configure your pipeline you should place a `.woodpecker.yml` file in the root of your repository. The .woodpecker.yml file is used to define your pipeline steps. It is a superset of the widely used docker-compose file format.

:::info

> Currently, only YAML 1.1 is supported for `.woodpecker.yml`. YAML 1.2 support is [planned for the future](https://github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/issues/517)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only YAML 1.1 syntax is supported for pipeline configuration files. YAML 1.2 support is [planned for the future](https://github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/issues/517)!
```

Author: Nice suggestion; thanks :)
